---
title: These project updates are OFF the CHARTS
---

Greetings Civic Hackers!

As summer breezes give way to autumn chills, we have moved inside at the CIC. Starting on November 1st we will be requiring our in-person attendees to be fully vaccinated or present a negative COVID test to attend Code for Boston. More information on the process for validating this is coming soon, but I share this to let folks know we do continue to offer the option to meet in-person. Once you have joined a project team all you need to do is join a slack channel and confirm your RSVP by Monday at noon, and you’ll be able to have some pizza and see fellow coders on the 4th Floor Kitchen at One Broadway. 

What we’re reading & watching:
- [Sharing Software Throughout the UK: A Case Study of LocalGov Drupal](https://beeckcenter.georgetown.edu/report/sharing-software-throughout-the-uk-a-case-study-of-localgov-drupal/)
- [CivicSource](https://www.civicsource.info/) is a newsletter about how local governments use technology from Katya Abazajian at the Beeck Center.

Matt & The Code for Boston Core Team
<hr>
# Events
<hr>
# Jobs
## [Technology Transformation Service: Engineer](https://join.tts.gsa.gov/join/tts-engineer/)
TTS is looking for talented software developers who will help our partner agencies deliver better digital services to the public. As an engineer at TTS, you will be a builder, contributor, and catalyst. Working with folks across the organization, you will solve large, complex problems while promoting user-centered, open, and transparent culture. The role involves diverse responsibilities — you might be writing code one day, meeting with members from partner agencies another day, and launching a new product that will impact the lives of Americans across the country the next week. TTS values open source development, so most of what you will work on will be open source.
# Project Updates

## [Clean Slate](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfZ18U2gHI97WqD-C63NvORCZu1vQX6hfLI4-1FOIA1neaaXw/viewform)
* They are meeting primarily on Thursdays now.
* Working on content and layout for MRCC website and upcoming events.
* Working on research for JavaScript testing framework for DocAssemble.
* Got feedback on what previous data team was using to move that part forward.

## [Police Data Trust](https://github.com/codeforboston/police-data-trust)
* Put up the development site
* Decided on dates
* Issues to milestones for product management
* Data scraping PR was merged and will have some data to process through a couple PRs between API and the UI.

## Mattapan Mapping
* Merging in a big refactor.
